Update docs and config for integration (#156)
dappforce/grillchat: integration/README.md

# Grill Widget

> Grill Widget is a tiny package (< 1kb compressed) that you can use to integrate [Grill.chat](https://grill.chat) to your app. It wraps all the config available in a simple function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grill Widget is a tiny package (< 1kb compressed) that you can use to integrate [Grill.chat](https://grill.chat) into your app. It wraps all of the available configs in a simple function call.
```

> <!-- this script will expose `GRILL` variable to window.  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- this script will expose the `GRILL` variable to the window.  -->
```

> 3. That's it 🥳!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. That's it! 🥳
```

## Customization

> You can customize a Grill UI by passing a config object to `grill.init()` function. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the Grill UI by passing a config object to the `grill.init()` function. For example:
```

> | `theme`           | `'light' or 'dark'`                                | The theme of the chat. If omitted, it will use the system preferences or user's last theme used in <https://grill.chat>                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `theme`           | `'light' or 'dark'`                                | The theme of the chat. If omitted, it will use the system preferences or the last <https://grill.chat> theme selected by the user.                                                                                                                                                |
```

| `onWidgetCreated` | `(iframe: HTMLIFrameElement) => HTMLIFrameElement` | A function that will be called when the iframe is created. You can use this to customize the iframe attributes.                                                                                                                                                         |

### Channel Option

> Channel option is used to make the iframe open chat room (a channel) directly. This is useful if you want to have a specific topic for your user to discuss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The channel option is used to make the iframe open a chat room (a channel) directly. This is useful if you want to have a specific topic for your user to discuss.
```

| Name       | Type                                   | Description                                                                                                                |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `type`     | `'channel'` &#124; `'resource'`        | The type of the channel. Check options for [channel](#type-channel-options) and [resource](#type-resource-options) bellow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`     | `'channel'` &#124; `'resource'`        | The channel type. Check the options for [channels](#type-channel-options) and [resources](#type-resource-options) below. |
```

> | `settings` | [`ChannelSettings`](#channel-settings) | The settings of the channel. Read more about this [here](#channel-settings)                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `settings` | [`ChannelSettings`](#channel-settings) | The settings of the channel. Read more about this [here](#channel-settings).                                                |
```

#### Type `'channel'` Options

> The type opens static chat room by id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type opens a static chat room by id.
```

| Name | Type     | Description                                                                             |
| ---- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `id` | `string` | The id of the channel. This should be the channel id of the topic that you want to open |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id` | `string` | The id of the channel. This should be the channel id of the topic that you want to open. |
```

#### Type `'resource'` Options

> The type creates new or opens existed chat room by resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type creates a new, or opens an existing, chat room by resource.
```

| Name       | Type                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `resource` | `Resource`               | The resource that will be linked to the postId in the blockchain should be the Resource. You can find examples suitable for various scenarios [here](#resource-discussion-examples). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resource` | `Resource`               | The resource linked to the postId on the blockchain should be the Resource. You can find examples suitable for various scenarios [here](#resource-discussion-examples). |
```

Reviewer: The first sentence seems like... duh? Obvious? Is it needed? Or am I not understanding it correctly?

> | `metadata` | `{ title, body, image }` | The metadata will be used as the content for the discussion post within the blockchain.                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `metadata` | `{ title, body, image }` | The metadata will be used as the content for the discussion post on the blockchain.                                                                                              |
```

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure what "discussion post" means here

> **Warning**
>

> > To use the type, install the package via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To use this type, install the package via:
```

>
> `yarn add @subsocial/resource-discussions`
>
> Then, use `Resource` for the `resource` parameter, like [here](#resource-discussion-examples).

#### Channel Settings

> You can customize the look and feel of Grill UI via channel settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the look and feel of the Grill UI via channel settings.
```

| `enableLoginButton`    | `boolean` | If set to `true`, it will show the login button in the channel iframe. Default to `false`                                                                                                               |

> | `enableInputAutofocus` | `boolean` | If set to `true`, it will autofocus on the message input when the iframe is loaded. The default behavior is `true`, except on touch devices. If set `true`, it will autofocus the input on all devices. |

Reviewer: So do you just leave it blank if you want it to autofocus on everything except mobile?

  },
}
```

#### Resource Discussion Examples

##### Full Resource Config with `'type': 'resource'`

```ts
const config = {
  widgetElementId: 'grill',
  hub: { id: '1002' },
  channel: {
    type: 'resource',

>     resource: new SocialResource({

Reviewer 2: shouldn't you add metadata too here?

  },
}
```

#### Resource Discussion Examples

##### Full Resource Config with `'type': 'resource'`

```ts
const config = {
  widgetElementId: 'grill',
  hub: { id: '1002' },
  channel: {
    type: 'resource',
    resource: new Resource({
      schema: 'social',
      app: 'twitter',
      resourceType: 'profile',
      resourceValue: { id: 'elonmusk' },
    }),
    settings: {
      enableBackButton: false,
      enableLoginButton: false,
      enableInputAutofocus: true,
    },
    metadata: {
      title: 'Elon Musk',
      body: 'Onchain discussion about Elon Musk',
    },
  },
  theme: 'light',
  onWidgetCreated: (iframe) => {
    iframe.classList.add('my-custom-class')
    return iframe
  },
}
```

#### Resource config structure

The resource config has a conditional structure, which means that each subsequent config value
depends on the previous one through a config hierarchy. You can envision this hierarchy as
a directed graph tree with a variety of values and a strict config structure.
There are various supported combinations of config values. On the other hand,

> you can provide your own values. However, in such a case, your resource config will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can provide your own values. However, in that case, your resource config will
```

only have a basic list of resourceValue properties.

<details>

>   <summary>In this list, you can find all the currently supported config value conditions.</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <summary>In this list, you can find all of the currently supported config value conditions.</summary>
```

---

- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> block -> blockNumber`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> tx -> txHash`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> token -> tokenAddress`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> nft -> collectionId`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> nft -> nftId`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> nft -> standard`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> proposal -> id`;
- `chain -> substrate -> zeitgeist -> market -> id`;

---

- `chain -> substrate -> any_substrate_chainName -> block -> blockNumber`;
- `chain -> substrate -> any_substrate_chainName -> tx -> txHash`;
- `chain -> substrate -> any_substrate_chainName -> token -> tokenAddress`;
- `chain -> substrate -> any_substrate_chainName -> account`;

  </details>
  </blockquote>

</details>

##### Resource Examples

1. EVM account address on Ethereum

```ts
new Resource({
  schema: 'chain',
  chainType: 'evm',
  chainName: 'ethereum',
  resourceType: 'account',
  resourceValue: {
    accountAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000',
  },
})
```

2. NFT on Polygon

```ts
new Resource({
  schema: 'chain',
  chainType: 'evm',
  chainName: 'polygon',
  resourceType: 'nft',
  resourceValue: {

>     standart: 'ERC-721',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    standard: 'ERC-721',
```
